PD-226 22.12.2: Review SCALE FTP content (#1833)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/SystemSettings/Services/FTPServiceScreenSCALE.md

| **Timeout** | Enter the maximum client idle time in seconds before disconnecting. The default value is **600** seconds. |

## FTP Advanced Settings
**Advanced Settings** include the **General Options** on the **Basic Settings** configuration screen and allow you to specify access permissions, TLS settings, bandwidth, and other settings to customize FTP access.

### Access and TLS Setting Options

![FTPAdvancedSettingsAccess](/images/SCALE/22.12/FTPAdvancedSettingsAccess.png "Services FTP Advanced Settings Access Options")

#### Access Settings 
**Access** settings specify user login, file, and directory access permissions.

| Settings | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Always Chroot** | Only allows users to access their home directory if they are in the **wheel** group. This option increases security risk. To confine FTP sessions to a local user home directory, enable **chroot** and select **Allow Local User Login**. |

> | **Allow Root Login** | Select to allow root logins. This option increases security risk, so enabling this is discouraged. Do *not* allow anonymous or root access unless it is necessary. 

Reviewer: is this one area where we need to comment on the admin user? did the UI end up with a new admin option? if not, we need to tell them how admin user uses this option.

Author: As far as I can tell, the Admin user works just like any other user as far as FTP is concerned.

Enable TLS when possible (especially when exposing FTP to a WAN). TLS effectively makes this [FTPS](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4217) for better security. |
| **Allow Anonymous Login** | Select to allow anonymous FTP logins with access to the directory specified in **Path**. Selecting this displays the **Path** field. Enter or browse the location to populate the field. |

> | **Allow Local User Login** | Select to allow any local user to log in. Only members of the **ftp** group may log in by default. |

Reviewer: not sure we should use may because we are not granting permission to do this, rather saying they can do this by default.
```suggestion
| **Allow Local User Login** | Select to allow any local user to log in. Only members of the **ftp** group can log in by default. |
```

| **TLS Allow Dot Login** | TrueNAS checks the user home directory for a <file>.tlslogin</file> file containing one or more PEM-encoded certificates. If not found, the user must enter their password. |
| **TLS Allow Per User** | If set, allows sending a user password unencrypted. |
| **TLS Common Name Required** | Select to require the common name in the certificate to match the FQDN of the host. |
| **TLS Enable Diagnostics** | Select for more verbose logging, which is helpful when troubleshooting a connection. |
| **TLS Export Certificate Data** | Select to export the certificate environment variables. |
| **TLS No Certificate Request** | Select if the client cannot connect, likely because the client server is not correctly handling the server certificate request. |
| **TLS No Empty Fragments** | Not recommended. This option bypasses a security mechanism. |
| **TLS No Session Reuse Required** | This option reduces connection security. Only use it if the client does not understand reused SSL sessions. |

> | **TLS Export Standard Vars** | Selected to set several environment variables. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **TLS Export Standard Vars** | Select to set several environment variables. |
```

| **TLS DNS Name Required** | Select to require the client DNS name to resolve to its IP address and the cert contain the same DNS name. |
| **TLS IP Address Required** | Select to require the client certificate IP address to match the client IP address. |

### Other Options

![FTPAdvancedSettingsOtherOptions](/images/SCALE/22.12/FTPAdvancedSettingsOtherOptions.png "Services FTP Advanced Settings Other Options")

| Settings | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Minimum Passive Port** | Enter a numeric value. Used by clients in PASV mode. A default of **0** means any port above 1023. |
| **Maximum Passive Port** | Enter a numeric value. Used by clients in PASV mode. A default of **0** means any port above 1023. |
| **Enable FXP** | Select to enable the File eXchange Protocol (FXP). We do not recommend FXP since it leaves the server vulnerable to FTP bounce attacks. |
| **Allow Transfer Resumption** | Select to allow FTP clients to resume interrupted transfers. |

> | **Perform Reverse DNS Lookups** | Select to allow performing reverse DNS lookups on client IPs. This option causes long delays if you don't configure reverse DNS. |

Reviewer: contraction again, maybe this instead
```suggestion
| **Perform Reverse DNS Lookups** | Select to allow performing reverse DNS lookups on client IPs. This option causes long delays if you do not configure reverse DNS. |
```

> | **Masquerade Address** | Enter a public IP address or host name. Set if FTP clients cannot connect through a NAT device. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Masquerade Address** | Enter a public IP address or host name. Use if FTP clients cannot connect through a NAT device. |
```

| **Display Login** | Enter a message that displays to local login users after authentication. Anonymous login users do not see this message. |

> | **Auxiliary Parameters** | Used to add additional [proftpd(8)](https://linux.die.net/man/8/proftpd) parameters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Auxiliary Parameters** | Use to add additional [proftpd(8)](https://linux.die.net/man/8/proftpd) parameters. |
```

### Bandwidth Settings
**Bandwidth** settings specify the space you want to allocate for local and anonymous user uploads and downloads.

![FTPAdvancedSettingsBandwidth](/images/SCALE/22.12/FTPAdvancedSettingsBandwidth.png "Services FTP Advanced Settings Bandwidth Options")

| Settings | Description |
|----------|-------------|

> | **Local User Upload Bandwidth: (Examples: 500 KiB, 500M, 2 TB)** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you don't specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Local User Upload Bandwidth: (Examples: 500 KiB, 500M, 2 TB)** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you d onot specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |
```

> | **Local User Download Bandwidth** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you don't specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Local User Download Bandwidth** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you do not specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |
```

> | **Anonymous User Upload Bandwidth** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you don't specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Anonymous User Upload Bandwidth** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you do not specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |
```

> | **Anonymous User Download Bandwidth** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you don't specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Anonymous User Download Bandwidth** | Enter a value in KiBs or greater. A default of **0 Kib** means unlimited. If you do not specify a measurement, it defaults to KiB. This field accepts human-readable input in KiBs or greater (M, GiB, TB, etc.). The default **0 KiB** is unlimited. |
```
